improves Fragmentation and Reassembly examples (#320)
rsocket/rsocket: Protocol.md

For example, a single PAYLOAD with 20MB of Metadata and 25MB of Data that is fragmented into 3 frames:

> ##### Payload with `next` flag set

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be a sub-section with a heading, especially coming after a `":"`. Rather it can be just the first example you see. So basically I suggest removing the sub-heading completely. Then after that, below for the second example, simply add a sentence before it. I'll add a concrete suggestion there.

> ```

Author: move to a separate doc

Frame length = 13MB
(M)etadata present = 0
(F)ollows = 0
(N)ext = 1

0MB of METADATA
13MB of Data
```

If the sender (Requester or Responder) wants to cancel sending a fragmented sequence, it MAY send a CANCEL frame without finishing delivery of the fragments. 

> ##### Payload with `next` and `complete` flags set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While in a Request-Stream, `PAYLOAD` frames have only the `(N)ext` flag, in a `Request-Response` the `PAYLOAD` frame will also have a `complete` flag as shown below:
```

```
-- PAYLOAD frame 1
Frame length = 16MB
(M)etadata present = 1
(F)ollows = 1 (fragments coming)
(N)ext = 1
(C)omplete = 0
Metadata Length = 16MB

16MB of METADATA
0MB of Data

-- PAYLOAD frame 2
Frame length = 16MB
(M)etadata present = 1
(F)ollows = 1 (fragments coming)
(N)ext = 1
(C)omplete = 0
Metadata Length = 4MB

4MB of METADATA
12MB of Data

-- PAYLOAD frame 3
Frame length = 13MB
(M)etadata present = 0
(F)ollows = 0
(N)ext = 1
(C)omplete = 1

0MB of METADATA
13MB of Data
```

> __Note__, `complete` flag MUST be set only in the last FRAME which does not have `follows` flag set to indicate that the whole sequence is a Payload with `next` and `complete` flags at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Note__, the `complete` flag MUST be set only in the last FRAME which does not have the `follows` flag set in order to indicate that the entire sequence is a `PAYLOAD` with `next` and `complete` both set.
```

For example, a single PAYLOAD with 20MB of Metadata and 25MB of Data that is fragmented into 3 frames:

> ##### Request Response

Reviewer: Similar suggestion here, to remove the sub-headings.

Frame length = 16MB
(M)etadata present = 1
(F)ollows = 1 (fragments coming)
(N)ext = 1
Metadata Length = 4MB

4MB of METADATA
12MB of Data

-- PAYLOAD frame 3
Frame length = 13MB
(M)etadata present = 0
(F)ollows = 0
(N)ext = 1

0MB of METADATA
13MB of Data
```

If the Requester wants to cancel sending a fragmented sequence, it MAY send a CANCEL frame without finishing delivery of the fragments. 

##### Request Channel with `complete` flag

```
-- REQUEST_CHANNEL frame 1
Frame length = 16MB
(M)etadata present = 1
(F)ollows = 1 (fragments coming)

> (C)omplete = 0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(N)ext = 1
(C)omplete = 0
```

Frame length = 16MB
(M)etadata present = 1
(F)ollows = 1 (fragments coming)
(N)ext = 1
Metadata Length = 4MB

4MB of METADATA
12MB of Data

-- PAYLOAD frame 3
Frame length = 13MB
(M)etadata present = 0
(F)ollows = 0
(N)ext = 1

0MB of METADATA
13MB of Data
```

If the Requester wants to cancel sending a fragmented sequence, it MAY send a CANCEL frame without finishing delivery of the fragments. 

> ##### Request Channel with `complete` flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example for Request Channel with the `complete` flag indicating the entire sequence is a `PAYLOAD` with `next` and `complete` both set.
```

Frame length = 13MB
(M)etadata present = 0
(F)ollows = 0
(N)ext = 1
(C)omplete = 1

0MB of METADATA
13MB of Data
```

> __Note__, `complete` flag MUST be set only in the last FRAME which does not have `follows` flag set to indicate that the whole sequence is a Request Channel with `complete` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Note__, the `complete` flag MUST be set only in the last FRAME which does not have the `follows` flag set in order to indicate that the entire sequence is a `PAYLOAD` with `next` and `complete` both set.
```
